subdirectories to pack (#315)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/tutorials/get-started-qfs.en.md

QGIS as you'll have to re-open it later when you want to synchronize
the changes.

> During the packaging process, it is possible to copy subdirectories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During packaging your project you can select which subdirectories to be copied by checking the directories in `Advanced` -> `Directories to be copied`.
```

Reviewer: btw, note this is also available for importing projects.
